python/README.md, before:

# My Python Project

This is a basic Python project scaffold. 

## Project Structure

The project has the following structure:

```
my-python-project
├── src
│   └── main.py
├── tests
│   └── test_main.py
├── .gitignore
├── setup.py
├── requirements.txt
└── README.md
```

## Description of Files

- `src/main.py`: This is the main Python script of the application. It contains the main logic of the application, including classes, functions, and execution code.

- `tests/test_main.py`: This is a test script for the main Python script. It contains various test cases and assertions to ensure the correct functionality of the main script.

- `.gitignore`: This file is used by Git to determine which files and directories to ignore when committing changes.

- `setup.py`: This is the build script for setuptools. It tells setuptools about your package (such as the name and version) as well as files to include.

- `requirements.txt`: This file lists all of the Python packages that your project depends on. You can specify the version number of each package as well.

## Installation

To install the dependencies of this project, run the following command:

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Usage

To run the main script of this project, navigate to the `src` directory and run the following command:

```
python main.py
```

## Testing

To run the tests for this project, navigate to the `tests` directory and run the following command:

```
python test_main.py
```

## Contributing

Contributions to this project are welcome. Please fork this repository, make your changes, and submit a pull request.

Commit message:

Creating Docker image for Chatbot
Created test-transcripts folder
Changed code to read transcripts from folder
Fixed up some import declarations to remove any possible name collisions

Added dockerfile
Moved requirements.txt to root

note the dockerfile is not building for me yet.

python/README.md, after:

# My Python Project

This is a basic Python project scaffold. 

## Project Structure

The project has the following structure:

```
my-python-project
├── src
│   └── main.py
├── tests
│   └── test_main.py
├── .gitignore
├── setup.py
├── requirements.txt
└── README.md
```

## Description of Files

- `src/main.py`: This is the main Python script of the application. It contains the main logic of the application, including classes, functions, and execution code.

- `tests/test_main.py`: This is a test script for the main Python script. It contains various test cases and assertions to ensure the correct functionality of the main script.

- `.gitignore`: This file is used by Git to determine which files and directories to ignore when committing changes.

- `setup.py`: This is the build script for setuptools. It tells setuptools about your package (such as the name and version) as well as files to include.

- `requirements.txt`: This file lists all of the Python packages that your project depends on. You can specify the version number of each package as well.

## Installation

To install the dependencies of this project, run the following command:

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```


## Setup Cloud Dependencies
We're using both Pinecone and OpenAI.  You will need to set up both and you need the following environment variables

```
OPENAI_API_KEY=<your key>
# Pinecone-client keys
PINECONE_ENV=gcp-starter
PINECODE_API_KEY=<your key>
```




## Usage

To run the main script of this project, navigate to the `src` directory and run the following command:

```
streamlit run python/scripts/exp_chatbot_app_sw.py
```

## Docker Setup

To run the docker container
```
docker compose up --build
```



## Testing

To run the tests for this project, navigate to the `tests` directory and run the following command:

```
python test_main.py
```

## Contributing

Contributions to this project are welcome. Please fork this repository, make your changes, and submit a pull request.
